[Applause]
after the special council special
tonight you know robert muller testified
for I don't like 25 hours today it was a
doubleheader with the House Judiciary
and intelligence committees this was a
major event in Washington bars in
Washington DC opened very early today to
host viewing parties of this they
started at 8:30 a.m. and I know this is
interesting but if you're watching
hearing at a bar at 8:30 you're probably
an alcoholic is probably going on I was
up early this morning watching with my
kids they needed a break from paw patrol
so we put on and I think they learned a
lot I asked my five-year-old if she was
ready for school this morning she said
it was outside her purview and referred
me to the report I was imagining but he
seemed tired at times he seemed older
than I expected anyone hoping for the
Muller of dragonss was disappointed he
was pretty low-key but what he said was
devastating this was from the very first
questioner and it kind of sums it all up
the report did not conclude that he did
not commit obstruction of justice is
that correct that is correct and what
about total exoneration did you actually
totally exonerate the president no oh to
be a McNugget on the White House wall
when Trump saw that that's and then
later a poorly selected question from
congressman Ken Buck made it clear that
Trump might need to win in 2020 just to
stay out of jail
was there sufficient evidence to convict
President Trump or anyone else with
obstruction of justice we did not make
that calculation how could you not have
made the calculation was regular well C
opinion the OLC opinion Office of Legal
Counsel indicates that we cannot indict
a sitting president
the tools that a prosecutor would use is
not there could you charge the president
with eight prime after he left office
yes you believe that he committed you
could charge the president nine states
with obstruction of justice after he
left office yes and that's when you
could hear Melania cheering loudly from
down the block maybe confused who
exactly the Russians were backing in
did your investigation find that the
Russian government perceived it would
benefit from one of the candidates
winning yes and which candidate would
that be well it would be trimmed by a
trauma all-you-can-eat shrimp you know
mother said all along he wouldn't
deviate from his report and he did and
he declined to answer or deflected
questions about 200 times today the
Republicans did their best to paint
Muller as bias they treated him very
badly and I know it's a lot but I want
to break it down for you it's I want to
catch up on what happened I know most
you aren't glued to the news you're at
work all day mostly here on vacation
walking around in the heat with your
thighs glued together but here's what
happened and what is happening the
president very clearly obstructed the
investigation of his campaign
ties to Russia and think about that FBI
is looking into evidence that the
Russians got involved in our
presidential election and our president
personally tried to stop that
investigation he tried to fire the guy
running the investigation his own White
House lawyer Tom McGann testified to
that the only reason that didn't happen
is the only reason he didn't fire the
special counsel is because Don McGann
refused to do it he said he was being
asked by the president to do crazy those
were his words and on top of that the
president both personally and through
his people tried to tamper with
witnesses and lied about it he did these
things he welcomed Russian interference
in our election and tried to get the
people who knew about it to shut up and
our Republican representatives in
Congress they know he did they know the
president United States tried to stop
this investigation they just don't care
all they care about is how they'll be
received on Fox News they were more
interested in attacking
Robert Muller who's a war hero a Marine
who fought in Vietnam no daddy dr. bone
spurs excuse and is a lifelong
republican they were more interested in
tacking the guy who investigated the
foreign enemy meddling in our election
than the guy who actually meddled with
that foreign enemy so here are some of
the people who care more about their
side winning than they care about this
country this guy what he's doing is not
obstructing justice he is pursuing
justice and the fact that you ran it out
two years in justice this guy i find
those facts in this entire process on
american and this guy the democrats have
argued for nearly three years that
evidence of collusion is hidden just
around the corner like the Loch Ness
monster they insist it's there even if
no one can find it so those guys don't
care about the United States it really
was something watching them defend this
normally when people fall on their knees
for Trump like that he pays them a
thousand a hundred thirty thousand
dollars afterwards in a hush money but
tomorrow tomorrow will stroll out in the
White House lawn and call Mexicans
pinata heads or something and we'll all
be onto that we'll all move on into the
yesterday the president said he might
watch a little of the hearings he of
course spent the whole day tweeting
about them today he tweeted more than
twenty times today capping the tweet
storm off with this truth is a force of
nature and we all know how much respect
he has for nature so and then he walked
out on the White House lawn after work
surprisingly he was in a very good mood
you're fake dude and you're one of the
most you're fake news again you're fake
news and you're right at the top of the
list also let me just tell you go back
to what it's not what he says read his
correction
correction not uh a very dumb and very
unfair question that's why people don't
deal with you because you're not an
honest reporter he didn't say that at
all you're untruthful when you ask me
you are a truthful and if you were ever
truthful you'd be able to write the
truth now get off my White House lawn so
I wouldn't want to be an ice cream spoon
in the White House tonight whether the
president's TV lawyer Rudy Giuliani was
on Fox & Friends this morning doing a
little pre damage-control defending his
client and friend and entertaining the
Fox crew with one of his many wonderful
impersonations the Democrats are going
for sound bites for the election I'm
always saying broke crooner droste if
you're cutting a book sort of Justice
which the guy will say say instruction
to Justice Ruth did you decide it no I
think he's stealing Trump's material
because that's a good thing but more
importantly what is going on with Rudy
Giuliani's hair I mean this is this is
today this and this is from a year ago
in May's his head got vandalized
is that a bad dye job or rust anyway
this is great as all this smaller stuff
is going down right in the middle of the
hearing this is what the first lady was
up to she tweets all Muller's on the hot
seat
Christmas planning has begun in the East
Wing at the White House I'm looking
forward to sharing our final vision for
this unique tradition in the coming
months I know they wanted to change the
subject today but they couldn't come up
with anything better than Christmas
it was 84 degrees in washing today
she's chugging eggnog maybe after the
testimony they just wanted people to
know they're still planning to be in the
White House come December hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel an evil wizard has trapped me
inside this YouTube video click
subscribe to help me escape